
 Frontpanel
 **********

  The frontpanel design can be generated by compiling the relatively ugly
  mksvg.c file and running the binary.

  The program writes SVG to stdout with sizes specified in milimeters. The
  front panel is designed to fit onto a DIN A3 sheet of whatever material
  you like.


  A TrueType font is shipped with the C file to make sure that the output of
  the program looks the same independend of fonts installed on the system. The
  SVG data assumes the font file to be stored in the same directory as the
  SVG.



  A small PCB design (fp0.pcb) is provided for interfacing LEDs and
  switches/buttons to the CPU backplane bus, 8 wires at a time.

  The switches can be used to pull the bus lines high or low (currently using
  4k7 resistors). If no module output is activated, the comparably low
  impedance resistors "win" over the tri-state buffers and pull the bus to
  the desired value.

  If a module output is activated, its impedance is much lower than the pull
  up resistors and the module "wins", pulling the bus to its desired state.


  A similar board (fp1.pcb) is provided that can latch a bus word, 8 wires
  at a time, and connects the latched value to a number of LEDs. This can be
  used, for instance, to latch the bus contents when the A register is written
  for displaying the current A register contents.


  The current front pane design requires:
   - 8 of the fp0 led-switch-button interface PCBs
   - 6 of the fp1 bus-register-led interface PCBs
   - 99 LEDs (8mm drill hole for LED holders with 5mm LEDs)
   - 30 dip switches (6mm drill hole, 12mm ring)
   - 10 push buttons (16 mm drill hole)


  Currently, a lot of things on the front panel only serve the purpose of
  displaying CPU internal state. Values like the A and B register contents
  could easily be accessed by writing them onto the data bus by keying in
  the apropriate address. The status word _could_ be accessed in a similar
  way. Once the machine has been shown to be operational, the bill of
  materials can be drastically reduced by removing such things if required.

